Add Umbraco Commerce: Buckaroo payment provider docs (#5651)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: commerce-add-ons/payment-providers/buckaroo/configuring-umbraco.md

---
title: Configuring Umbraco
description: >-
  Learn how to configure the Umbraco backoffice for enabling the use of Buckaroo
  as a payment method.
---

# Configure Umbraco

## Step 1: Create Payment Method

The following steps are all handled through the Umbraco backoffice.

1. Navigate to **Settings > Commerce > Stores > {Store Name} > Payment Methods** section.
2. Select the **Create Payment Method** button to create a new payment method.

> 3. Choose **Buckaroo Checkout** from the list of available payment providers.

Reviewer: Based on the image provided below there is no *Buckaroo Checkout*
```suggestion
3. Choose **Buckaroo One Time Payment** from the list of available payment providers.
```

Reviewer: @umbracotrd can you please confirm if the above is indeed correct? 😊

Author: Nice catch @alina-tincas. I'm committing your suggestion.
